[Music]
bears How was it How was it eh You don't know this
Ah the pod frend let's see us We
wanted to know if you were a hater No, I
'm literally I criticize everything that
seems wrong to me because I come to the
internet to have fun but you
criticize us I look, I've known you
since what happened with Jairo block
because you remember what Jairo did with
Yellow melow and the girlfriend he had and all
the controversy that there was that you
later pulled a Game Over because of what
Elis said I followed you from there and my mother
watched your live streams with me and everything
total cinema but your mother is one of the gentlemen
what about yelo Melo in truth today
we would treat it eh I mean from
today's perspective if
suddenly in the forego tiando you start bringing up
these things we would treat them were those were
other times and we saw it in another
way we saw it as Ah what to be but in
reality today today we would treat that of
course Imagine that they make a thread instead
of yel Melo who I tell you gref  with I do
n't know who We've already done it I do
n't know how many people have taken pictures I don't know what In
fact it was true that Yellow Melo
stung a dog on a sister do you
remember that Yes it's true she stung a
dog obviously I remember everything Hey but with
my Arian you haven't messed around No no that's
a clip that you know jeffar blocks
the one from the Parody The one from the parody we
were making making memes and I don't know
why it's trending and I said and he
told me let's make the most funnable memes
I said the softest meme is going to be about
dala's sister and he cuts it there he
puts it to make a parody video for me and I
say no No lie we are not going to
mess with anyone and he cut it and puts it
in a video it's that people were telling me that
no that I was a hater that you had
messed with Ariann that I don't know what but
then when I saw it I said no it's true it's
irony that threw something even the twis
that you mess with Dallas
I've also seen some that are half deos
but  I mean but the question we
all ask ourselves then you condemn kcu the
main question I hate kcu okay the
main question to let you stay you
condemn coscu this is that this is
like a sexa you have to understand me no
room no because then they're going to tell you that
we are a sect poor coscu do what you have to
do already poor thing he's
had a lot I can't even stand boludo or
cosu or momo or anyone who talks
to him nas vegan I can't even stand them
but you're not Argentine I'm Uruguay Ah
okay okay my mistake It's that to me you
sound quite similar okay okay okay I've already
earned haters now Although
yes I don't
agree with Dallas on many things and I say it and I have
criticized several of the things that she has
done and I continue to do it because I think it's
the healthiest thing to
do eh They tell me if you're Argentine
in your chat eh No Don't read my chat my chat
Trying to troll me so that I fight with
everyone it's not worth it okay your chat
actually hates you no because they've
put me  a spam weapon that you had I don't know
that you had killed a guy that you
son of a [ __ ] that you shared
child pornography or so you in reality can
you imagine Javi that he tells you No no that
is true it is that is in
reality he hates you my chat what he is
looking for is an agent of chaos my chat that is
what he is looking for okay And in what things for
example you do not agree with well
with me in some with you and with you in
several but I should remember But with
the most fresh ones let's
see surprise us with Dallas for
example what about eight it seems to me a
huge voles what about eight that was
saying that he is a rapist like that throwing it out there just
for throwing it out it is like it is unnecessary it
stayed like very in the let's see the conclusion
that I drew there was that someone that I
suspect who I know who it is do you think
I say it and well you do not get wet Who do you
think I think For me it was akuma If she
was the ex of or I think Of course we did not
talk about it I have a video on the
main channel in fact I think someone
said things to her or taught her things I I will
see Javi that I think that  There will be people
like me I want to know what this sauce is
can you bring me up to date that was
something that Dallas said from oo in a couple of
was apparating triline out of nowhere and out of
nowhere he says and eight is a violin I have
proof that it's a no no and shipments eh
but of course let's see I understand that eh
Because then after a while it came out that eight
had reported him several girls it remained
like that there I don't know what the [ __ ] has remained
neither so much nor on one side nor the other
eh I don't know if it's that all the parties have
wanted yakuma yakuma is oo's ex to
kumar we found out that she was or so that I have
a video in the main of that we found out
that she was an ex of eight and of course it's
understood that maybe this girl Well, she
will have been telling something I don't have a
[ __ ] idea it's not that I know that I made a video
saying that he liked sex more
that consent would be needed for
those things everything we talked about those
topics were speculations because it was
left in the air nobody wanted to talk about
anything eight didn't speak to eight again
apparently they reported him  And he had to come down
from Andorra to give some
explanations but he still hasn't
said Hey, well it's already clarified Hey, well
this is what happened Hey, because he agreed
that he was going to talk and he didn't talk either I
think it's an issue that has been buried
and without further ado and apart from that issue that I
think was left in
no man's land is that I remember that something
like that happened but it came to nothing it's not like
one said he was going to do
this or that nobody did anything What issues are there
apart from that and I also think that there
are many times when he gets the better of his
temperament, of getting
excessively Crazy I say You want to
give an image of a company that doesn't
work well, that a video comes out
saying what I'm going to do is I'm going to
slit everyone's throats I'm going to get my
desire when I kill you and strangle you and your
life goes by among your Eh go out and your
life goes by among your but but how can you
take Dallas seriously on Twitter if it is it's
all the
time but that was eh literally Ah he
said that on video damn [ __ ] dares
[ __ ] that day I was going  inspired eh No no
but I think that was a promo to
be deo to show that he had no
limits and a promo of course let's see I understand I understand
that well you're
giving him visibility some gift would fall
that he thought about it and that he said it seriously I
also tell you but well I
loved the thing about your life is going to escape
through your eyes God What madness is a
poet Let him go up dala yesterday Ah there you go with
there
I would tell you the same thing I always told myself my
career is ready to end if not I wouldn't
accept the
memes I even scared myself and it wasn't with me
damn but I trust you dead
believing that it was going to be a hit
here you know it would have been it would have been
great it has been heard it has
even been heard eh he played
cogona like Cosco eh Latin America
seemed like a bit of [ __ ] to me and what happened
with
eh the girl Sabrina and I don't remember the
Channel How was it eh here already Follow Today I
lost simo it wants to sound familiar to me but that Pol
Ah the thing about Latin America was a video that
he made giving his opinion on things from
Latin America and then people came out who
said no, that you don't know about the
economy here, things like that one
invited him from Sabrina de ideas, I don't remember
the channel that invited him to debate, she asked him
the uncomfortable questions, that she invited him to
debate, she said but okay, let's debate
but with one and everything, that girl set
some conditions but let's see the
response was a little aggressive to
her, she said no, what you are is a clown who does
n't understand what I things more
calmly and I think that people are
more assertive, more assertive, a little bit of assertiveness
to say things, yes, but it's
true that there is the girl. Look over here
is Fran. Fran. The girl comes up. The girl gave
herself, I mean, that is not wanting to debate like if she
is, no, but on a channel she gave that
and then I think that the dasas told her Well, let's
go to Javi Oliveira's Channel and he did
n't want to either, it sounds familiar to me. I don't know if it was this
case or it was another one that he said. Oh no, that
was with Mister doctor, no, that was with
Mister doctor, okay. And wow, what
happened, what happened with Mister doctor  that one
went to town no, that one no now he's
messing with Dallas again he
hasn't forgotten and he's messing
with Dallas again that guy really made me feel sorry for him that one yes I followed all the Lore there God What a crazy thing that fell on that kid that one that one really was a mess eh it was epic eh That was that how much I had a great time watching those videos eh but let's
see gibel Dallas it's that he's not here
I don't know if he's still watching us
but if you want to come up and say something it
would be Cool but against me against delo if you
disagree with something we can
debate no In fact, I'm going to say something I
really like delo because he's a fan
of shutu kaisen I can't mess with a
fan of shutu kaisen I have the whole
collection of funko pop sh shutu kaisen
eh you saw him scam you saw a
scam yes no Yes suddenly I don't like
[Music]
ah